README.md, before:

The Pluto Notebook(s) in this repository will be deployed as a static html page with the help of the "static-export-template" github repository explained below.

To access the Dashboard containing links to each notebook click here: [Dashboard](https://filzahfiantama.github.io/FEMJuliawithGridap/)

Or access the notebook(s) directly:
[IntrowithGmsh.jl](https://filzahfiantama.github.io/FEMJuliawithGridap/IntrowithGmsh.html)








______________________________________________________________________________________________________
______________________________________________________________________________________________________
# static-export-template

This is a demo repository containing two [Pluto](https://github.com/fonsp/Pluto.jl) notebooks that are **automatically converted to HTML** by a github action, and published to github pages! 🌝

See the github pages deployment of this repository:
https://juliapluto.github.io/static-export-template/

# How to use the template

### 👉 Step 1

Create a GitHub account, and click on ["Use this template"](https://github.com/JuliaPluto/static-export-template/generate). Choose a new name!

<img width="400" alt="screenshot of clicking the Use-this-template button" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6933510/103711531-f7cdc800-4fb7-11eb-98b7-6ebd070a337b.png">

You now have your own repository (take a look at the URL), containing a copy of the template files, including the file you are currently reading (`README.md`)!

### 👉 Step 2

Click on **Add files** (or **+**), and then **Upload files**. In the next page, upload your `.jl` notebook files.

<img width="400" alt="screenshot of clicking the Upload-files button" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6933510/103710071-67da4f00-4fb4-11eb-9943-b66f26119d36.png">

Your notebooks will run on github every time that you update the files in this repository. To check the progress, go to the ["Actions" page](./actions) of your repository, you will find the _workflow_ for the last commit.

<img width="400" alt="screenshot of the actions page, showing a currently running workflow" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6933510/103711844-978b5600-4fb8-11eb-8b1b-1e5bdacc1c85.png">

Wait for the Action to finish running your notebook.

### 👉 Step 3

Go to the ["Settings" page](./settings) of your repository, and go to [the "Pages" section](./settings/pages). For the "Source", choose `gh-pages`. Wait a minute for everything to initialize, and the URL to your web page will be shown! 

<img width="400" alt="screenshot of the Pages settings, displaying the URL after the web page is ready" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6933510/103711695-43807180-4fb8-11eb-9ba8-a96a70612177.png">

Don't worry if it doesn't work immediately! It can take a while for the web page to be ready, even after your settings page says it's done. (Github pages says 20 minutes, but it can take even longer.)

## Update notebook files

To update an existing notebook file, simply repeat Step 2 above! (You can also use **Add files** `>` **Upload files** to _update_ upload a file that already exists on the repository.)

Are you working on this website and planning to make many changes? Then it might be nice to use [GitHub Desktop](https://github.com/apps/desktop), a program on your computer that lets you synchronise your local files with github.com more easily, without having to upload to the website each time. If you are familiar with using the terminal, then you can also use the `git` command to publish changes.

# Alternative setup: add web pages to an existing repository

If you already have a github repository with some pluto notebooks in it, you may want to add a web view like the one for this repository. In that case, the steps are slightly different. In this case, I assume that you are familiar with adding files to a repository. If not, follow the steps above.

### 👉 Step 1

From this repository, download [ExportPluto.yaml](./.github/workflows/ExportPluto.yaml). 

Save the file in your own repository, in the same location: make a folder `.github` in the main directory, within that a folder `workflows`, and add the file there, with the name `ExportPluto.yaml`. Commit the new file to your repository. 

*Note: The yaml file states that github should use the github notebooks in the `main` branch or `master` branch of your repository. If you changed the name of your default branch, or you want to use a different branch, change `main` in [line 5](https://github.com/JuliaPluto/static-export-template/blob/main/.github/workflows/ExportPluto.yaml#L5) in the yaml file to the name of your favourite branch.*

Your notebooks will run on github every time that you update the files in this repository. To check the progress, click on ["Actions"](./actions), you will find the _workflow_ for the last commit.

<img width="400" alt="Schermafbeelding 2021-01-06 om 00 45 25" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6933510/103711844-978b5600-4fb8-11eb-8b1b-1e5bdacc1c85.png">

### 👉 Step 2

Go to the ["Settings" page](./settings) of your repository, and go to [the "Pages" section](./settings/pages). For the "Source", choose `gh-pages`. Wait a minute for everything to initialize, and the URL to your web page will be shown! 

<img width="400" alt="Schermafbeelding 2021-01-06 om 00 43 00" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6933510/103711695-43807180-4fb8-11eb-9ba8-a96a70612177.png">

Don't worry if it doesn't work immediately! It can take a while for the web page to be ready, even after your settings page says it's done. (Github pages says 20 minutes, but it can take even longer.)


# 💡Tips

### Julia Packages

Because Pluto has a [built-in package manager](https://github.com/fonsp/Pluto.jl/wiki/%F0%9F%8E%81-Package-management), packages will automatically work on the website!

### Default files

This files `README.md` and `My cool notebook.jl` are example files, and you can safely edit or delete them! After you have set up your repository, you can remove these setup instructions from the `README.md` file, and write a description of your project.

### Not working?

If your website is not automatically updating, then go to the **"Actions"** page of your repository, and take a look at the latest logs. If they show a ❌ symbol, then something went wrong. Click on it, and carefully read the error message. If you get stuck, be sure to ask for help: open an issue at https://github.com/JuliaPluto/static-export-template/issues/new and send us a link to your repository.

### Homepage

If you go to the (GitHub Pages) URL of repository, you will see a small index of the notebooks in this repository. You can customize this page, two options are:

-   Create your own `index.html` or `index.md` file, it will be used as the homepage.
-   Rename one of your notebooks to `index.jl`, and it will be the default notebook!

# License

This *template* repository is [Unlicensed](https://unlicense.org), which means that you can do anything you want with it! When you use this template, you are also free to remove this license message.

<details>
<summary>View license text</summary>
(This license applies to the template https://github.com/JuliaPluto/static-export-template, not necessarily to the user of the template.)

```
This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.

Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or
distribute this software, either in source code form or as a compiled
binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any
means.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors
of this software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the
software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit
of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and
successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of
relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this
software under copyright law.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

For more information, please refer to <https://unlicense.org>
```
</details>

Commit message:

Reorganize and prepare README.md

README.md, after:

# A Repo for University Project
FH Aachen - Energy Economy and Informatics M.Sc.

Created by: Filzah Asyrif Fiantama

Supervised by: Prof. Dr. rer. nat. Darius Mottaghy

*[here some descriptions to necessary preparation and steps in still work in progress]*

### Following are important links for materials used as references within this project:

#### Creating models from scratch
- [2D Ocean Model within the 'Introduction to Computational Thinking' Project](https://computationalthinking.mit.edu/Fall23/climate_science/2d_advection_diffusion/), with a [Video explanation](https://www.youtube.com/live/waOzCGDNPzk?si=1a5TezNueDXqocEf)

#### Utilizing an open source Julia Package Gridap.jl
- [Gridap.jl Documentation](https://gridap.github.io/Gridap.jl/stable/)
- [Tutorials on using Gridap.jl](https://gridap.github.io/Tutorials/dev/#Introduction-1)
- [An example I made recreating a simple Poisson Problem from a python notebook](https://filzahfiantama.github.io/FEMJuliawithGridap/IntrowithGmsh.html)The Pluto Notebook(s) in this repository will be deployed as a static html page with the help of the "static-export-template" github repository explained below.

__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
To access the Dashboard containing links to each notebook click here: [Dashboard](https://filzahfiantama.github.io/FEMJuliawithGridap/)

Or access the notebook(s) directly:
- [IntrowithGmsh.jl](https://filzahfiantama.github.io/FEMJuliawithGridap/IntrowithGmsh.html)








__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
<ins>below is the readme from the template repository to enable the deployment of pluto notebooks as static html</ins>

# static-export-template

This is a demo repository containing two [Pluto](https://github.com/fonsp/Pluto.jl) notebooks that are **automatically converted to HTML** by a github action, and published to github pages! 🌝

See the github pages deployment of this repository:
https://juliapluto.github.io/static-export-template/

# How to use the template

### 👉 Step 1

Create a GitHub account, and click on ["Use this template"](https://github.com/JuliaPluto/static-export-template/generate). Choose a new name!

<img width="400" alt="screenshot of clicking the Use-this-template button" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6933510/103711531-f7cdc800-4fb7-11eb-98b7-6ebd070a337b.png">

You now have your own repository (take a look at the URL), containing a copy of the template files, including the file you are currently reading (`README.md`)!

### 👉 Step 2

Click on **Add files** (or **+**), and then **Upload files**. In the next page, upload your `.jl` notebook files.

<img width="400" alt="screenshot of clicking the Upload-files button" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6933510/103710071-67da4f00-4fb4-11eb-9943-b66f26119d36.png">

Your notebooks will run on github every time that you update the files in this repository. To check the progress, go to the ["Actions" page](./actions) of your repository, you will find the _workflow_ for the last commit.

<img width="400" alt="screenshot of the actions page, showing a currently running workflow" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6933510/103711844-978b5600-4fb8-11eb-8b1b-1e5bdacc1c85.png">

Wait for the Action to finish running your notebook.

### 👉 Step 3

Go to the ["Settings" page](./settings) of your repository, and go to [the "Pages" section](./settings/pages). For the "Source", choose `gh-pages`. Wait a minute for everything to initialize, and the URL to your web page will be shown! 

<img width="400" alt="screenshot of the Pages settings, displaying the URL after the web page is ready" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6933510/103711695-43807180-4fb8-11eb-9ba8-a96a70612177.png">

Don't worry if it doesn't work immediately! It can take a while for the web page to be ready, even after your settings page says it's done. (Github pages says 20 minutes, but it can take even longer.)

## Update notebook files

To update an existing notebook file, simply repeat Step 2 above! (You can also use **Add files** `>` **Upload files** to _update_ upload a file that already exists on the repository.)

Are you working on this website and planning to make many changes? Then it might be nice to use [GitHub Desktop](https://github.com/apps/desktop), a program on your computer that lets you synchronise your local files with github.com more easily, without having to upload to the website each time. If you are familiar with using the terminal, then you can also use the `git` command to publish changes.

# Alternative setup: add web pages to an existing repository

If you already have a github repository with some pluto notebooks in it, you may want to add a web view like the one for this repository. In that case, the steps are slightly different. In this case, I assume that you are familiar with adding files to a repository. If not, follow the steps above.

### 👉 Step 1

From this repository, download [ExportPluto.yaml](./.github/workflows/ExportPluto.yaml). 

Save the file in your own repository, in the same location: make a folder `.github` in the main directory, within that a folder `workflows`, and add the file there, with the name `ExportPluto.yaml`. Commit the new file to your repository. 

*Note: The yaml file states that github should use the github notebooks in the `main` branch or `master` branch of your repository. If you changed the name of your default branch, or you want to use a different branch, change `main` in [line 5](https://github.com/JuliaPluto/static-export-template/blob/main/.github/workflows/ExportPluto.yaml#L5) in the yaml file to the name of your favourite branch.*

Your notebooks will run on github every time that you update the files in this repository. To check the progress, click on ["Actions"](./actions), you will find the _workflow_ for the last commit.

<img width="400" alt="Schermafbeelding 2021-01-06 om 00 45 25" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6933510/103711844-978b5600-4fb8-11eb-8b1b-1e5bdacc1c85.png">

### 👉 Step 2

Go to the ["Settings" page](./settings) of your repository, and go to [the "Pages" section](./settings/pages). For the "Source", choose `gh-pages`. Wait a minute for everything to initialize, and the URL to your web page will be shown! 

<img width="400" alt="Schermafbeelding 2021-01-06 om 00 43 00" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6933510/103711695-43807180-4fb8-11eb-9ba8-a96a70612177.png">

Don't worry if it doesn't work immediately! It can take a while for the web page to be ready, even after your settings page says it's done. (Github pages says 20 minutes, but it can take even longer.)


# 💡Tips

### Julia Packages

Because Pluto has a [built-in package manager](https://github.com/fonsp/Pluto.jl/wiki/%F0%9F%8E%81-Package-management), packages will automatically work on the website!

### Default files

This files `README.md` and `My cool notebook.jl` are example files, and you can safely edit or delete them! After you have set up your repository, you can remove these setup instructions from the `README.md` file, and write a description of your project.

### Not working?

If your website is not automatically updating, then go to the **"Actions"** page of your repository, and take a look at the latest logs. If they show a ❌ symbol, then something went wrong. Click on it, and carefully read the error message. If you get stuck, be sure to ask for help: open an issue at https://github.com/JuliaPluto/static-export-template/issues/new and send us a link to your repository.

### Homepage

If you go to the (GitHub Pages) URL of repository, you will see a small index of the notebooks in this repository. You can customize this page, two options are:

-   Create your own `index.html` or `index.md` file, it will be used as the homepage.
-   Rename one of your notebooks to `index.jl`, and it will be the default notebook!

# License

This *template* repository is [Unlicensed](https://unlicense.org), which means that you can do anything you want with it! When you use this template, you are also free to remove this license message.

<details>
<summary>View license text</summary>
(This license applies to the template https://github.com/JuliaPluto/static-export-template, not necessarily to the user of the template.)

```
This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.

Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or
distribute this software, either in source code form or as a compiled
binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any
means.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors
of this software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the
software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit
of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and
successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of
relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this
software under copyright law.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

For more information, please refer to <https://unlicense.org>
```
</details>
